	CSCI 340 	 				Computer Assignment 05 	 				Spring 2017<h3>Binary Tree Class [15 points - (Due 03/10/2017 @ Midnight)]</h3>For this computer assignment, you are to write a C++ program to implement classes to represent a binary tree (of integers). You are required to implement `assignment05.h` and `assignment05.cc`. Both of them are partially implemented and included within the repository. `assignment05.h` already contains the class definition of `binTree` and `assignment05.cc` already contains implementation of the `main()` function. 
The definition of the binary tree class is given here to facilitate the following description: 

```c++
class binTree{public:	binTree();	         				// default constructor	unsigned height() const;			// returns height of tree	unsigned size() const;        	// return size of tree	
		virtual void insert(int);	     	// inserts a node in tree	void inorder(void(*)(int));   		// inorder traversal of tree	void preorder(void(*)(int));      	// preorder traversal	void postorder(void(*)(int));   	// postorder traversalprotected:	Node* root;	         				// root of tree private:		unsigned height(Node*) const;    	// private version of height()	unsigned size(Node*) const;    		// private version of size()	void insert(Node*&, int);	   		// private version of insert()	void inorder(Node*, void(*)(int));	// private version of inorder()	void preorder(Node*, void(*)(int));	// private version of preorder()	void postorder(Node*, void(*)(int));// private version of postorder()};```Most of the public member functions of the `binTree` class call *private* member functions of the class (with the same name). All of these *private* member functions can be implemented as either *recursive* or *non-recursive*, but clearly, *recursive* versions of these functions are preferable because of their short and simple implementations in code. Because of information hiding, a client is not permitted to access the binary tree directly, so the *root* of the tree is kept protected (not *private* because of future implementations of *derived* classes from the *base* class of the `binTree`), so it cannot be passed as an argument to any of the public functions of the tree. It is essential to have private utility functions, which act as interface between a client and the tree. The private insert() function of the binTree class is described as following:`insert(Node*& r, int x)` This function is used to insert a node with the data value `x` in a binary (sub-)tree at root `r`, applying the following technique: if the tree is empty, then the new node will be the *root* of the tree with the value `x`; otherwise, `x` is inserted in the left or right sub-tree of `r`, depending on the sub-trees’ heights. If the height of the right sub-tree is less than the height of the left sub-tree, `x` is inserted in the right sub-tree; otherwise `x` is inserted in the left sub-tree.  **Programming Notes:*** You need to add the definition of the `Node` class in the file `assignment05.h`. You need to make `binTree` class a friend of the `Node` class.* The file `assignment05.cc` also contains some constants, global variables, and the implementation of function `display()`, which is invoked by `main()`.  You need to add the implementation of `binTree` class (and `Node` class if necessary) in `assignment05.cc`.* Include any necessary headers and add necessary global constants. * You are not allowed to use any I/O functions from the C library, such as `scanf` or `printf`. Instead, use the I/O functions from the C++ library, such as `cin` or `cout`.* In the final version of your assignment, you are not supposed to change existing code, including the `main` method, provided to you in the original files `assignment05.h` and `assignment05.cc`. * To compile the source file, execute `g++ -Wall assignment05.cc –o assignment05.exe`.  To test your program, execute `./assignment05.exe &> assignment05.out`. You can find the correct output of this program in file `results05.out` included within the repository.* Add documentation to your source file (e.g. https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html#Comments).* Prepare your `Makefile` so that the TA only needs to invoke the command “make” to compile your source file and produce the executable file `assignment05.exe`.  Make sure you use exactly the same file names specified here, i.e. `assignment05.h`, `assignment05.cc` and `assignment05.exe`, in your `Makefile`. Otherwise your submission will get 0 points.This semester you will need to make at least ***three commits*** to your local repository and ***three pushes*** to your master repository for each assignment. This will show the evolution of your assignments over time and the thought process behind the code. You will need to make sure your final ***push*** to your master repository is completed before the assignment is due (the system time stamps actions), if the assignment is late the TA will mark off points.

When your program is ready for grading, ***commit*** and ***push*** your local repository to remote git classroom repository and follow _**Assignment Submission Instructions**_. 
