	CSCI 340						Computer Assignment 07	             Spring 2017<h2>Heaps and Heapsort (15 points) [Due April 6, 2017]</h2>For this computer assignment, you are to write a C++ program to sort numbers using the heapsort technique. Your program first builds a heap structure for the numbers. Then, it retrieves these numbers from the heap in a certain order and prints them out on stdout. The source file assignment07.cc is partially implemented and contains the complete implementation of the main function. It is available as part of this repository. Add and implement the following functions in this source file. - `void build_heap(vector < int >& v, int heap_size, bool (*compar)(int, int))` This function constructs a heap with `heap_size` elements in the vector `v`. Pay attention that elements start at position 1 (position 0 is wasted and ignored) in the vector. `compar` is a function pointer (predicate) to compare two integers. `build_heap` will invoke `heapify` specified below. - `void heapify(vector < int >& v, int heap_size, int r, bool (*compar)(int, int))` This function ***heapifies*** a tree at the root position `r`, assuming `r`’s two sub-trees are already heaps. `heap_size` specifies the size of the whole heap contained by the vector (the heap starts at position 1 of the vector). This function uses the function pointer `compar` to compare two elements. This function can be implemented recursively.- `bool less_than(int e1, int e2)` This function compares two integers and returns `true` if `e1` is less than `e2`. Otherwise it returns `false`. When this function is used as predicate in `build_heap`, a min heap will be constructed.- `bool greater_than(int e1, int e2)` This function compares two integers and returns `true` if `e1` is greater than `e2`. Otherwise it returns `false`. When this function is used as predicate in `build_heap`, a max heap will be constructed.- `void heap_sort(vector < int >& v, int heap_size, bool (*compar)(int, int))` This function implement the heap sort algorithm. At beginning the vector `v` contains a heap. At the end of this function, vector `v` contains sorted elements. Similar to `build_heap`, there is a predicate in the parameter list to specify how to compare two elements. If `less_than` is passed in as argument here, the results are in ascending order. If `greater_than` is used, the results are in descending order. `heap_sort` will invoke `extract_heap` specified below. You can use the STL algorithm `reverse` if necessary.- `int extract_heap(vector < int >& v, int& heap_size, bool (*compar)(int, int))` This function extracts the root of the heap recorded in `v`, fills the root with the last element of the current heap, updates `heap_size`, ***heapifies*** at the root, and returns the old root value. This function will invoke `heapify` specified above.- `void print_vector(vector < int >& v, int pos, int size)` This function displays `size` number of elements contained in vector `v` starting at position `pos`. It shows 8 elements per line. Each item occupies 5 spaces.**Programming Notes:**
- Please implement the algorithms to build the heap and sort by heapsort. Do not invoke the STL algorithms make\_heap or heap\_sort. If you do, you will get **0 points** for this assignment.- Please pay extra attention that in this assignment vectors’ elements start at position 1 (instead of position 0) unless otherwise specified. - Include any necessary headers and add necessary global constants. - You are not allowed to use any I/O functions from the C library, such as scanf or printf. Instead, use the I/O functions from the C++ library, such as cin or cout.- In the final version of your assignment, you are not to change any existing code, including the main method, provided to you in the original source file `assginment07.cc`. - To compile the source file, execute `g++ -Wall assignment07.cc –o assignment07.exe`.  This will create the executable file `assignment07.exe`. To test your program, execute `./assignment07.exe &> assignment07.out`, which will put the output (including any error messages) in file `assignment07.out`. You can find the correct output of this program in file results7.out included within the repository.
- Add documentation to your source file (e.g. http://tinyurl.com/m2zyoby).- Prepare your `Makefile` so that the TA only needs to invoke the command `make` to compile your source file and produce the executable file `assignment07.exe`.  Make sure you use exactly the same file names specified here, i.e. `assignment07.h`, `assignment07.cc` and `assignment07.exe`, in your `Makefile`. Otherwise your submission will get 0 points.

This semester you will need to make at least ***three commits*** to your local repository and ***three pushes*** to your master repository for each assignment. This will show the evolution of your assignments over time and the thought process behind the code. You will need to make sure your final ***push*** to your master repository is completed before the assignment is due (the system time stamps actions), if the assignment is late the TA will mark off points.

When your program is ready for grading, ***commit*** and ***push*** your local repository to remote git classroom repository and follow _**Assignment Submission Instructions**_. 
