	CSCI 340						Computer Assignment 01	             Spring 2017
	                  
<h2>Search Algorithms (10 points)</h2>

For this computer assignment, you are to write and implement a C++ program to implement two search algorithms (*linear search and binary search*) on randomly generated integers stored in vectors.The program is partially implemented. You can obtain the source file `assignment01.cc` within this Git repository. In this file, several routines are already provided for you. They include the `main()` routine, the  `average_comparisons()` routine and the `random_number()` routine. You are required to implement the following routines in your program:* `bool linear_search(const vector<int>& inputVec, const int x, int& comparisons)`  A linear search algorithm, where `x` is the searched item in vector `inputVec`. It simply starts searching for x from the beginning of vector to the end, but it stops searching when there is a match. If the search is successful, it returns `true`; otherwise, it returns `false`. You need to save the number of comparisons (between `x` and a vector element) conducted in this search in the parameter `comparisons`.* `int binary_search(const vector < int >& inputVec, const int x, int& comparisons)` A binary search algorithm, where `x` is the searched item in vector `inputVec`. If the search is successful, it returns `true`; otherwise, it returns `false`. The same as above, you need to save the number of comparisons in the parameter `comparisons`.* `void print_vec (const vector < int >& vec)` This routine displays the contents of vector `vec` on standard output, printing exactly `NO_ITEMS = 10` numbers on a single line, except perhaps the last line. The sorted numbers need to be properly aligned on the output. For each printed number, allocate `ITEM_W = 6` spaces on standard output.**Programming Notes:*** Do not change existing implementation in `assignment01.cc`. But you need to include any necessary headers and add necessary global constants.  * You are not allowed to use any I/O functions from the C library, such as `scanf` or `printf`. Instead, use the I/O functions from the C++ library, such as `cin` or `cout`.* To compile the source file, execute `g++ -Wall assignment01.cc –o assignment01.exe`.  This will create the executable file `assignment01.exe`. To test your program, execute `./assignment01.exe &> assignment01.out`, which will put the output (including any error messages) in file `assignment01.out`. You can find the correct output of this program in file `results01.out`.* Add documentation to your source file (e.g. https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html#Comments).* Prepare your Makefile so that the TA only needs to invoke the command “make” to compile your source file and produce the executable file. This semester you will need to make at least ***three commits*** to your local repository and ***three pushes*** to your master repository for each assignment. This will show the evolution of your assignments over time and the thought process behind the code. You will need to make sure your final ***push*** to your master repository is completed before the assignment is due (the system time stamps actions), if the assignment is late the TA will mark off points.

When your program is ready for grading, ***commit*** and ***push*** your local repository to remote git classroom repository and follow _**Assignment Submission Instructions**_. 
