	CSCI 340						Computer Assignment 03	             Spring 2017

<h2>Sieve of Eratosthenes (15 points)</h2> 

For this computer assignment, you are to write and implement a C++ program to find and print all prime numbers within a range `[lower upper]` using the algorithm known as the *Sieve of Eratosthenes*. The program will have basic interactive user interface to take input values of `lower` and `upper` and allow the user to continue or quit the game.A prime number **p** is an integer greater than 1 that is divisible only by **1** and **p** (itself). The algorithm begins by initializing a set to contain all of the integers in the range `lower` to `upper`. Note that the smallest prime number is `2`. If the value of `lower` is less than `2`, you need to adjust that. A loop makes multiple passes over the elements in the set, using successive integer key values `2, 3, 4, …` Each pass “shakes free” nonprime numbers and lets them “filter through the sieve.” At the end, only the prime numbers remain.Begin with the integer `m = 2`, which is the smallest prime number. The pass scans the set and removes all multiples of `2`, having the form `2 * k` for `k ≥ 2`. The multiples cannot be prime numbers, because they are divisible by `2`. At the end of the pass, we have removed all of the even numbers except `2`. Next, look at the integer `m = 3`, which is a prime number. As with value `2`, remove all multiples of `3`, having the form `3 * k` for `k ≥ 3`. The multiples `12`, `18`, and so forth, are even numbers, so they have already been removed from the set. The next key integer is `m = 4`, which is no longer in the set, because it was removed as a multiple of `2`. The pass takes no action. The process continues until it removes all multiples of prime numbers. In other words, for integer `m`, remove all multiples of `m`, having the form `m * k` for `k ≥ m`. The numbers that remain in the sieve are the prime numbers in the range `lower` to `upper`.The algorithm uses an optimization feature by looking at the key values for `m ≤ sqrt(upper)`. However, in your implementation, test all numbers `m` such that `m * m ≤ upper`, rather than computing the square root of `upper`. 

Starter code for `assignment03.cc` is provided to you as part of this repository.In this file, the main function is already implemented. You are required to implement the following functions:

* `void sieve(set<int>& s, const int lower, const int upper)` This routine can be used to apply the *Sieve of Eratosthenes* algorithm to remove all nonprime numbers from the integer `set s = {lower, …, upper}`.

* `void print_primes(const set < int >& s, const int lower, const int upper)` This routine can be used to print the elements in the integer `set s` (`NO_ITEMS = 8` primes per line and `ITEM_W = 6` spaces allocated for each prime).

* `void run_game(set<int>& s)` This routine maintains a loop to take inputs from a user. The user will be asked for the range of the prime numbers. If the range is not valid, e.g. `lower` is greater than `upper`, the user will be asked to input again. The routine will invoke `sieve()` and `print_primes()`. Once the results are displayed, the user will be asked whether to continue or quit the game. In case of continuing the game, the user will be asked for values of the range again. The game continues until the user requests to stop. 

**Programming Notes:*** You are required to use the `set` container to store the prime numbers. In the `STL`, a set is implemented as an associative container, and duplicate keys are not allowed.* Include any necessary headers and add necessary global constants. * You are not allowed to use any I/O functions from the C library, such as `scanf` or `printf`. Instead, use the I/O functions from the C++ library, such as `cin` or `cout`.* In the final version of your assignment, you are not supposed to change existing code, including the main method, provided to you in the original source file assginment3.cc. * To compile the source file, execute `g++ -Wall assignment03.cc –o assignment03.exe`.  This will create the executable file assignment03.exe. To test your program, execute `./assignment03.exe < assignment03.in &> assignment03.out`, which will take redirected input from the text file `assignment03.in` and put the output (including any error messages) in file `assignment03.out`. You can find the sample input file `assignment03.in` and the correct output of this program in file `results03.out` are included within this repository.* Add documentation to your source file (e.g. https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html#Comments).* Prepare your Makefile (**included**) so that the TA only needs to invoke the command `make` to compile your source file and produce the executable file `assignment03.exe`.  Make sure you use exactly the same file names specified here, i.e. `assignment03.cc` and `assignment03.exe`, in your `Makefile`. Otherwise your submission will get 0 points.This semester you will need to make at least ***three commits*** to your local repository and ***three pushes*** to your master repository for each assignment. This will show the evolution of your assignments over time and the thought process behind the code. You will need to make sure your final ***push*** to your master repository is completed before the assignment is due (the system time stamps actions), if the assignment is late the TA will mark off points.

When your program is ready for grading, ***commit*** and ***push*** your local repository to remote git classroom repository and follow _**Assignment Submission Instructions**_. 
